

2: maybe:
"Surveillance capitalism unilaterally claims human experience as free raw material for translation into behavioral data."
"We are the sources of surveillance capitalism’s crucial surplus: the objects of a technologically advanced and increasingly inescapable raw-material-extraction operation."
zuboff
"My data is everywhere, and I am nowhere" : Imogen Heap, musician and digital rights advocate, speaking at MyData 2019.

3:

c4:
"If you can see the invisible, then you can see the possible and provide the opportunities for trust, commitment and ways of empowering others to manage their past, present and future."
Ken Wyatt


chapter 5:

“The Crystal Wind is the storm, and the storm is data, and the data is life.
You have been slaves, denied the storm, denied the freedom of your data.
 That is now ended; the whirlwind is upon you . . . . . . Whether you like it or not.”
― Daniel Keys Moran, The Long Run: A Tale of the Continuing Time



7: Mike Monteiro, author of Ruined by Design:
The world is working exactly as designed. And it's not working very well. Which means we need to do a better job of designing it.



8:
"Whoever has the most personal data will dominate society... Only if the people keep their data will society be free.  Privacy matters because it gives power to the people"
Carissa Véliz, Privacy is Power

Quote Pool


c4?
Computers are useless.
                      They can only give you answers.
                              - Pablo Picasso

8: Leonardo's Laptop Ben shneiderman
“The old computing was about what computers could do; the new computing is about what users can do. Successful technologies are those that are in harmony with users' needs. They must support relationships and activities that enrich the users' experiences.”


“A free and open internet is vital for the freedom of expression.”
― Oscar Auliq-Ice


"all models are wrong, but some are useful" - GEP box  1979 robustness in strategy of scientific model building


“There’s no going back, and there’s no hiding the information. So let everyone have it.”
― Andrew Kantor
“Sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants.”
― Louis D. Brandeis

“Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much”
― Helen Keller

“A worthy relationship is an agreement that challenges and supports both participants.”
― Joseph Rain, The Unfinished Book About Who We Are


"The beauty of empowering others is that your own power is not diminished in the process." - barbara coloroso
Real power comes by empowering others. Denis Waitley


“We always see our worst selves. Our most vulnerable selves. We need someone else to get close enough to tell us we’re wrong. Someone we trust.”
― David Levithan, Naomi and Ely's No Kiss List

“Visiting the sick' is an orgasm of superiority in the contemplation of our neighbor's helplessness”
― Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra


“Any act that involves human welfare is an act of politics - as such, science can be politics, philosophy can be politics, theology can be politics - thus, anybody who acts in the interest of human welfare is a politician, whether they hold an office or not.”
― Abhijit Naskar, When Veins Ignite: Either Integration or Degradation

"Social workers advocate enable and support people to make positive changes in their lives"

All that is necessary for the forces
                     of evil to win in the world is for
                       enough good men to do nothing.

                               - Edmund Burke
